Domaintools Phisheye plugin - add enum parameter (#685)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: domaintools_phisheye/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.1 - Add `0` parameter to enum in Domain List action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.1 - Add `0` parameter to Days Back input in Domain List action to get current day results
```
